until you tell me what you're doing here
YouTube nothing long yeah please
don't hurt me
we are what what you and I yes again we
are at what but you and I now remember
this lesson well and you will be quite
safe in the jungle neither bird nor
snake or beast will harm you except for
the moon except for what Mowgli Shere
Khan has returned to the jungle to
finish his hunt how would we get down
look Mowgli of the same climb down okay
here I go
this is great say aren't you coming down
- we could do we drink to my jaw what's
that the stick of man
oh please help me out I'm trapped here
I'll let you know I'm right down here
that work oh crap it's true I am ugly of
the Wolfpack I am a wolf no no my child
you are a boy look at you
it's be your eyes your eyes are wild
like dogs I don't fill your face is like
your father's it is true you are my son
he is a man a man strode and from the
marrow of my bones I hate them
tell me where he is or you will die from
now on we follow new trends Oh farewell
by the world for nothing
and then once you've had a chance to say
goodbye well let some other kids to the
front okay
you're welcome to touch and just be
gentle
baby t Daniel hi like when you smile
you